Extended alerting documentation with information about using Kibana keystore and action types for preconfigured connectors (#65201)
elastic/kibana: docs/user/alerting/action-types/index.asciidoc

Refresh::   Setting for the {ref}/docs-refresh.html[refresh] policy for the write request.
Execution time field::  This field will be automatically set to the time the alert condition was detected.

[float]
[[Preconfigured-index-configuration]]
==== Preconfigured action type properties: 

[source,text]
--
 id: 'my-index'
 name: action-type-index
 actionTypeId: .index
 config:
   index: .kibana
   refresh: true
   executionTimeField: somedate
--

> `config:` define action type specific to the configuration. The config object contains the following properties:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`config` defines the action type specific to the configuration and contains the following properties:
```
